grid/docs-installation (#22759)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/dashboards/grid-standalone.md

> # Using Grid as a Standalone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Grid as a standalone component
```

> The **Grid** (formerly **DataGrid**) was originally developed as the core of the [**Grid Component**](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/dashboards/grid-component) in **Highcharts Dashboards**, providing a high-performance, interactive, and editable data table solution. With the release of **Dashboards v4.0**, Grid will become a standalone product - **Grid Pro**. Its basic version, **Grid Lite**, is already available *([learn more about it here](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/grid/general)).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Highcharts **Grid** (formerly **DataGrid**) was originally a basic [component](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/dashboards/grid-component) in **Highcharts Dashboards**, providing a high-performance, interactive, and editable data table solution. With the release of **Dashboards v4.0**, Grid will become a standalone product - **Grid Pro**. Its basic version, **Grid Lite**, is already available *([learn more about it here](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/grid/general)).*

For now **Grid Pro** is a part of **Highcharts Dashboards**, but can also be used as a standalone component outside of Dashboards, as described below.
```

## Installation

> You can use **Grid Pro** as part of **Highcharts Dashboards** right now, as described below.

Reviewer: Delete this line

### Install via NPM

```bash
npm install @highcharts/dashboards
```

Then, import the package into your project:

```js
import Grid from '@highcharts/dashboards/datagrid';
import '@highcharts/dashboards/css/datagrid.css';
```

> ### Include Grid via `<script>` tag

Reviewer: Use updated texts from installation.md in this section
